merge `CONTRIBUTING` and rules (#645)
cf-convention/cf-conventions: CONTRIBUTING.md

    * [Reaching a conclusion to the issue](#conclusions)
    * [Possible outcomes of the issue](#outcomes)
  * [Rules for maintaining consistency between the CF conventions and the CF data model](#data_model_rules)
  * [Rules for maintaining consistency between the CF and UGRID conventions](#ugrid_consistency_rules)
  * [Rules for rectifying flaws in the CF conventions](#flaw_rules)
  * [Rules for correcting defects in CF documents](#defect_rules)
  * [Dormant issues](#dormant_issues)
* [Technical guidelines](#technicalities)
  * [Pull requests](#pull_requests)
  * [Text styling](#text_styling)
  * [Infrastructure guide](#infrastructure_guide)
* [Revision history of the rules](#history)

## <a name="rules">Rules for Changes to the CF Conventions</a>

These rules apply to the CF conventions document and the conformance document.
They describe the practices and procedures that should be used in fixing, updating, or adding to the conventions.

**These rules do not apply to changes in CF standard names and other vocabularies.
The rules for changes to CF vocabularies are [here](https://cfconventions.org/standard_name_rules.html).**

> All changes to the conventions documents are proposed and discussed in an [issue](https://github.com/cf-convention/cf-conventions/issues) and implemented in a related [pull request](https://github.com/cf-convention/cf-conventions/compare) in the CF [conventions GitHub repository](https://github.com/cf-convention/cf-conventions), which contains the source of the CF conventions documents.

Reviewer: Not sure if the "compare" link was intended?
```suggestion
All changes to the conventions documents are proposed and discussed in an [issue](https://github.com/cf-convention/cf-conventions/issues) and implemented in a related [pull request](https://github.com/cf-convention/cf-conventions/pulls) in the CF [conventions GitHub repository](https://github.com/cf-convention/cf-conventions), which contains the source of the CF conventions documents.
```

This is so it is easy to trace the discussion that led to a given agreed proposal.

The issue should convey the content or concept of what is being proposed, with the reasoning, and its effect on all relevant sections of the CF documents.

Depending on the length and nature of the proposal, this may require different approaches.
A pull request may be opened once the discussion has reached the stage of discussing the text in detail.
Review of the textual changes may take place either in the pull request or in the issue, whichever is clearer.
For instance, it can be clearer to comment on specific wording in the context where it occurs in the pull request, but clearer to make suggestions in the issue for global changes to wording or other changes which affect several parts of the text at once. 
Comments in pull requests should not be used for discussion of the issue in general.
This is so that the conceptual development of the proposal is easily found in one place, i.e. the GitHub issue.

During the discussion, the implications of the proposal for the CF data model, and vice-versa, must be considered, following the [additional rules](#data_model_rules) for the data model.

> In some cases, examples of netCDF files or pseudocode to illustrate the idea may be necessary to inform the discussion and give confidence that the proposal is not flawed.

Reviewer: Looking to the future?
```suggestion
In some cases, examples of datasets or pseudocode to illustrate the idea may be necessary to inform the discussion and give confidence that the proposal is not flawed.
```

#### <a name="meetings">The role of interactive discussions in resolving the issue</a>:

The moderator is encouraged to organize discussion meetings if this might help resolve an issue more quickly.
The arguments presented and any conclusions reached in such a meeting should be summarised afterwards in the GitHub issue, for the record and so that everyone can continue to be involved in further discussion.

If it proves impossible to resolve disagreements after considerable efforts by discussion on GitHub and in one-off meetings, anyone may propose on the issue that a group should be convened to meet online with the aim of reaching decisions on the issue on behalf of the community.
When this proposal is made, anyone who is concerned about the outcome of the issue should be strongly encouraged to join the group.
Everyone who wants to join must be allowed to do so, and must indicate their wish to do so within three weeks of the proposal being made to convene a group.
Every reasonable effort must be made to facilitate participation by all who wish to.

> Anyone who objects to the issue being delegating to a group must state their objection within three weeks of the proposal being made to convene a group.

Reviewer 2: Change "delegating" to "delegated"

----

## <a name="technicalities">Technical guidelines</a>

### <a name="pull_requests">Pull requests</a>

Pull requests should be submitted to the `main` branch of the repository.
Use of other branches is at the discretion of the repository administrators.
It is recommended that pull requests are created on a branch of a personal fork of the repository.
Comments in pull requests should be avoided, unless discussing changes to the wording of a proposal that do not impact on the agreed meaning.

----

### <a name="text_styling">Text styling</a>

The CF conventions documents and website are generated from a mix of AsciiDoc and Markdown files.
The files should be formatted in line with the
[AsciiDoc Recommended Practices](https://asciidoctor.org/docs/asciidoc-recommended-practices/)
and
[Google Markdown style guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/docguide/style.html).
Each sentence should begin on a new line.

The documents refer to the "CF conventions" like that (like the website URL), not as the "CF convention" (singular) or the "CF standard", and they are written impersonally, not as "We".

----

### <a name="infrastructure_guide">Infrastructure guide</a>

> See [548](https://github.com/cf-convention/cf-convention.github.io/issues/548).

Reviewer 2: Maybe insert "CF website repo issue #" after "See"
